House Number Plaque
===================

* In inkscape create the text for the number in the desired font
  (kurier-heavy) and scale it to 100mm height (~4").
* Convert the text object to a path. Now have a description of
  the number outlines as Bezier curves. But Cubit can only do
  interpolating Hermite cubic splines based on interpolated points
  and the existing point are insufficient to accurately reproduce
  the curves. So points must be added:
  - For each curve, select *all* its segments and use the "insert
    new nodes into selected segments" function (the one without
    options).
  - Repeating this twice (roughly quadrupling the number of points)
    seems to give enough points so that the Hermite cubic spline
    in Cubit well-approximates the original Bezier curves.
* Save the result in a text SVG file. But under preferences be
  sure that "Path string format" is set to absolute so that the
  output path uses point coordinates instead of relative
  displacements.
* Edit the SVG file to extract the points on the curve.
  - look for the `d=` attribute of the `<path>` xml tag
  - Refer to
    https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial/Paths
    for documentation of how SVG paths are encoded.
* To feed into Cubit you need a list of the points for each curve,
  in order, from first to last. This includes any straight lines.
  The first and last points are the corners in the outline curve.
  Things to note:
  - Somehow the written coordinates were shifted, and a transform
    function used in the SVG file. This can be fixed in Cubit.
    It may be possible to ensure that inkscape applies any transform
    before writing the SVG file.
  - SVG uses a positive y-axis that is pointed *down* from the
    upper left corner. So all curves are flipped upside down to
    what one expects. Again this is easily fixed once the curves
    are in Cubit.
  - The Bezier curve paths (the "C" command) don't necessarily
    start at a corner, and may contain embedded corner cusps.
    So the interpolated points extracted may need to be regrouped/
    rearranged to define the spline points for Cubit.

## ACIS Geometry Models

These are all generated by cubit using the corresponding `.jou`
input files.

Here are the big pieces:
* `31.sat` the 3D "31" text
* `plate1.sat` is a rectangular plaque
* `plate2.sat` is a rectangular plaque with corner cut-outs
* `smooth-texture.sat` is a sinusoidal texture element that can
  be added to the face of the plaque
* `angular-texture.sat` is a saw-tooth texture element that can
  be added to the face of the plaque

And the pieces are assembled into these full models:
* `31-plate1-angular.sat`
* `31-plate1-smooth.sat`
* `31-plate2-angular.sat`
* `31-plate2-smooth.sat`

## Print Parameters
* 0.2 mm layer height
* PETG
* 3 solid layers top and bottom
* top 1 mm is numbers-only and can be done in white
